it's gonna YouTube Sarge knows best here
today it's finally today the Apple has
unveiled their latest creation the
actually the iPad such the name of their
brand-new tablet device much
anticipation for a long time people's
been expecting this actual tablet for
years now but Steve Jobs finally a bill
did this was the only thing to happen
that there have been today the only
thing they talked about was the iPad and
it's software and hardware but the
device actually look at the device here
the design of it is pretty sleek has an
aluminum backing it's very thin a very
thin device on the screen it's a nice
looking screen because it has a black
border around it so that's good because
they don't want to push the screen all
the way to the edge and so when you're
holding it the touchscreen won't be
accidentally hit by your thumbs or
something like that so the actual device
looks awesome the device is very clean
looking on device has a nine point seven
inch diagonal LED backlit glossy display
it also has the IPS technology which is
going to be like no matter what angle
you that it shouldn't see a lot of glare
anything like that
I was 1024 by 768 pixels so the people
actually got their hands on with the
device saying the actual screen looks
actually beautiful this is it's kind of
like holding the big iPhone was kind of
like a big iPhone and so the screen
actually doesn't look pretty good
fingerprint-resistant are like phobic
coating basically the same you know
three just to kind of keep the grease
from your fingers off of it and so it's
going to come in two models as well so
the first model is going to be a Wi-Fi
only model and that's gonna be one
that's actually shipping first in sixty
days and the second model is actually
gonna be a 3G enable model but you can
actually get on AT&T 3G network on this
device now the good thing about this and
this is actually for me save this whole
event because overall the event was kind
of because we had a lot of anticipation
but this right here really kind of sold
it for me
Sparta's data's planes you know the
normal data plan it's about $60 a month
for a company with two year contract
it's pretty much standard for unlimited
data now with this iPad you're actually
gonna be able to get unlimited data just
for $29.99 a month no contract you can
activate it on the iPad device itself
you don't need to go to a store don't
need to call anybody I'm also gonna 250
mega
Internet I think it's $19.99 a month you
can cancel at any time to get us contact
crime track free so this may be a seller
of to a lot of people who want that that
who use David Carr stuff like that
because I used to my father that's $60 a
month
even I can have it on 5 devices and
normally don't but at $6 months with the
contract so this is actually a good
selling point and also it's gonna be
having as far as the inside of its gonna
also have bluetooth 2.1 I sent have
digital compass gonna have assisted GPS
the Wi-Fi in the 3G models looks like
the 3G models only gonna have assisted
GPS I believe and also in the box you'll
receive a dock connector because you can
sync it via USB so you can plug it into
your Mac plugging into your MacBook Pro
whatever Mac you want to plug into and
actually syncing just like you're
syncing the iPhone so should work on
Windows as well and so you can sync
everything with your iTunes library back
it up as well just like you're doing the
iPhone which is a pretty simple method
but effective it does have a cellar
monitor in there and the cellar arm
looks actually a little bit part a
little bit better than what you find in
the iPhone right now it also has the
ambient light sensor so it can heighten
brighten or dim the screen brightness
and depending on what your location is
as far as the lighting in the room now
as far as the processor speed its look
at the horsepower it features of one
gigahertz Apple a4 custom-designed high
performance low power system on a chip
processor basically coming from PA
systems which is a company that Apple
actually bought up a few years ago and
so they got their own processors test
processor and in here so you're looking
at trying to get away from using Intel
and go to their model with just a
company that can do every single thing
for their products for the most part and
so the using that process and the people
got the hands on it said the processor
is very speedy moving around the OS of
the actual I tab I'm sorry the iPad
actually was pretty smooth pretty fast
and efficient now looking at the OS it's
just really a basically a big iPhone or
iPod touch as far as the OS so it's not
running any type of modified version of
Snow Leopard
all your applications do have a little
dock there we can have dock for
applications and also gonna have the
applications on your screen it looks
like you can add and change the
background image though so it looks like
the operating system is really dumbed
down it's really simple everybody should
be able to use it not have any problems
with it really now one thing I'm looking
forward to a lot of people in the your
screen chat to when somebody is actually
gonna jailbreak this name when it comes
out that's gonna be fun to see a lot of
good things come with that but we'll
keep my eye on that let's see about the
pricing now the pricing for this iPad is
actually pretty good this is another
thing to actually say the event for me
excuse me
so the up for up front
so say you want a just a bass version of
the iPad just want one this is the base
version that's your Start set $4.99 not
at that price is 16 gigabyte solid state
and it's 14 is $4.99 not a bad price it
doesn't come to 3G chip nothing like
that
now $5.99 with a 32 gig and $6.99 if you
want the 64 gig solid state as far as
the memory now upfront cost if you want
the one with the 3G version of it so the
foreigner version actually goes to 66 29
then 32 gig goes to 729 and then the 64
gigs going to 829 so it's not a bad
price I mean guys did a good comparison
about the pricing versus the iPhone as
far as use data use and all that stuff
as far as you know going over two years
about actually how much this thing is
going to cost you and actually comes out
to be cheaper than what the iPhone cost
you store data now the iPad doesn't have
a it doesn't have any voice capabilities
it does have a microphone and speaker
but it does not have a camera for some
reason but anyway I'm pretty sure you
can be able to use Skype on this is
especially get the data plan so that can
work out for you and pictures other
people make some applications to be able
to do some wrong phone calling over it
so I think the lack of the camera is
actually a big thing because everybody
expected a camera in it I don't think
it's that much travel to actually put a
camera in it I don't see why not but
they probably net for the next model
give you some some reason to upgrade but
I think overall the iPad is a good
device for the market that is going
after I've got a nice low argument India
and Ustream talking about whether this
thing is actually worth getting and
eventually where I came to my opinion on
that I think that if you have an iPod
Touch or iPhone you may not need to get
it may not be for you you're probably
not to spend the money for it but if you
always been wanting like an iPod Touch
or iPhone just don't want to get it for
some reason you're stuck in the contract
this is a very good device to give you
those type of functionality because you
can still run nearly virtually all the
applications in the App Store on the
iPad itself so almost all the
applications run right out the box you
can run them and they can actually scale
up so you can open up the application it
looks kind of just the same size that it
was on the iPhone and also you can hit
the fullscreen button and take up the
full screen of the device so that's
awesome
to be able to use all the applications
straight out the box and also one thing
with that also released a new four
klonoa what they're going to be recent
CK for the iPhone iPod in the iPad as
far as giving developers some more tools
to actually upscale the applications or
kind of change their applications to fit
the iPad needs
so either way back to the back to the
point here the device is kind of going
for that niche market kinda that Amazon
Kindle iPod type of market I think for
the prices starting at $4.99 that's not
a bad deal at all not a bad day at all
so it's a pretty good deal there
I think the device is gonna be cool
gonna be great again the Wi-Fi only
model shipping in 60 days and the 3G
model plus the Wi-Fi model it's gonna be
shipping in 90 days so I gotta see which
one imma get because I want the 3G model
but again I don't want the I want to get
it first so we'll see about that
anyway this is my presentation by the
iPad they also uh before I ended here
they also talked about I work this is
another thing that talking about I
worked for the iPad it's actually new
applications $9.99 each for like keynote
and all that good stuff it's pretty cool
it's alright
other than that the whole presentation
really just about the iPad nothing else
different but we'll keep on that but
anyway so chose best here thanks for
watching
I'll keep it more updated news about the
iPad as it comes out but I'll catch you
later peace